in hockey there are no first names when
you when you're out there playing and
it's easier just to to let that in all
the guys know where you're just do we
did Nick name instead of saying you're
fool me nobody's on a first name basis
it's it's always nicknames on the ice on
the bench in the locker room everywhere
oh yeah we know them by their jerseys
Zetterberg Datsyuk Osgood Yzerman but
you'd never hear those names in the
locker room generally call them sweet
even though we have flat eight Swedes in
here nobody ever looks up when we say
Swede they know who the sweet is we
heard about this guy called a Demolition
Man or something like that you know
who's this demolition guy well if you
here to see your Hank I think Hank is a
visa for four North American guys it's
pallets mule Homer probably no not that
Homer this Homer known to us as Thomas
Holmstrom so how do they get these
nicknames it's always like off the cuff
I think of what I call malts cliff
Clavin now so I sure because he tells
needless stories and talks non-stop now
something up not so cool but most of
them you know mostly just you know last
names kind of abbreviated and and those
are the ones that have kind of stuck the
most would have been more fun with more
guys heading nicknames like the mule
well yeah you know it's not off for me
you can call it a guy a mule though so
we're happy to have a cold meal Shrek
Shrek painted him green
he's Shrek most of the creativity in
nicknames
don't really come out unless someone
does something to warrant and you know
it does something kind of foolish or
silly or stupid even and then you maybe
get an ick name from that well I guess
he kind of went on a little rampage this
morning on the riff and I found out he
was calling me Jack LaLanne and now here
is a man who will show you how to feel
better look better Jack LaLanne drapes I
don't call him Jack LaLanne but I prefer
Norris off of the Bowflex commercials
great workout great exercise when I grow
my beards I think that it kind of
reminds people of Chuck Norris
and what do players think about their
nicknames my me I'll go the worst was
Doogie Howser in my first year I
actually hated that name about a
teenager who was a doctor I'd like to
have the brains and the smarts but not
not the name old man Ozzie that's what
they call me sometimes I don't like that
one
if I get grumpy sometimes like with the
young guys that's what they call me so
you went from Doogie Howser to old man
yeah it's like an evolution and in case
you're wondering there are rules to
nicknaming you can't self impose a name
and then take it and use it that is it's
a cheating a little bit a little bit
yeah if you call if you make up a
nickname like me calling myself the
Wizard of Oz it would never fly and it's
embarrassing to say it some people
refuse to call them by their nicknames
my mom is still strictly Christopher she
will not waver from that one bit usually
when I'm hearing that I'm in trouble
there hasn't been anyone
ever Inaki call me Chris I just know the
toughest time is when you got your wafer
round or someone that they don't know
when you'd have to introduce them and
you got to remember what the real name
is that's the toughest time for me if
you're upset with them do what comes out
you probably don't know that I don't
know I don't know that warm fuzzy guy
like me doesn't get upset that off what
about eyes are going to get one for you
no because you know you can fool around
you couldn't mess around no you can now
but when we play with I guess you could
but we never really it was just we stuck
with that it's too much respect I mean
we respect everybody but with him it's
we stuck with that what about Liz from
Nick Nick